The president of India is the head of state of the Republic of India and the Supreme Commander of the Indian Armed Forces. The president is referred to as the first citizen of India. Although vested with these powers by the Constitution of India, the position is largely a ceremonial one and executive powers are de facto exercised by the prime minister.
The president is elected by the Electoral College composed of elected members of the parliamen…

Wikipedia · Text under CC-BY-SA license
Images of President of India
bing.com › images
Image result for President of India. Size: 166 x 185. Source: www.newsindiatimes.com
President of India Droupadi Murmu addresses the nation on eve of 74th ...
Image result for President of India. Size: 120 x 185. Source: indiaeducationdiary.in
President of India, Smt Droupadi Murmu will visit Bihar from October 18 ...
Image result for President of India. Size: 120 x 185. Source: go4quiz.com
List of Presidents of India. Prime ministers of India. Vice presidents
Image result for President of India. Size: 140 x 185. Source: www.ibtimes.co.in
Droupadi Murmu takes oath as 15th President of India - IBTimes India
Image result for President of India. Size: 163 x 185. Source: www.tollywood.net
Droupadi Murmu takes oath as India' 15th President
Image result for President of India. Size: 163 x 185. Source: www.ultranewstv.com
President of India 2022: Droupadi Murmu was elected the first tribal ...

See all
See all images
Global web icon
Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › President_of_India
President of India - Wikipedia
OverviewOriginPowers and dutiesSelection processTime of electionEmolumentsImpeachmentSuccession

The president of India (ISO: Bhārata kē/kī Rāṣṭrapati) is the head of state of the Republic of India. The president is the nominal head of the executive, the first citizen of the country, as well as the supreme commander of the Indian Armed Forces. Droupadi Murmu is the 15th and current president, having taken office from 25 July 2022.

Wikipedia · Text under CC-BY-SA license
Global web icon
The President of India
https://www.presidentofindia.gov.in › Pr…
Explore this image
Profile | President of India
Profile of the President. Smt. Droupadi Murmu was sworn in as the fifteenth President of India on 25 July, 2022. Previously, she was the Governor of Jharkhand from 2015 to 2021. She has devoted her life to empowering the …

Tags:President of IndiaDroupadi Murmu
Global web icon
Press Information Bureau
https://pib.gov.in › PressReleasePage.aspx
Shrimati Droupadi Murmu elected as the President of India
Jul 22, 2022 · The Election Commission of India declared Shrimati Droupadi Murmu as the 15th President of the Republic of India on 21st July, 2022. She was elected by 4754 electors out of …

Tags:President of IndiaDroupadi Murmu
Global web icon
The President of India
https://www.presidentofindia.gov.in › n…
Explore this image
| President of India
read more about address by the hon’ble president of india, smt. droupadi murmu at scientific and technological hub, martyr ihaddaden abdelhafid university

Tags:President of IndiaDroupadi Murmu
Global web icon
Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › Droupad…
Explore this image
Droupadi Murmu - Wikipedia
On 26 July 2022, Droupadi Murmu took the oath as the 15th President of India which was administered by the 48th Chief Justice of India N. V. Ramana in the presence of former presidents, the vice-president, prime minister, and other …

Tags:President of IndiaDroupadi MurmuOdisha Legislative Assembly
Global web icon
rashtrapatibhavan.gov.in
https://www.rashtrapatibhavan.gov.in › about-us
About Us | Welcome to RASHTRAPATI BHAVAN - The Office and …
Learn about the role, functions and responsibilities of the President of India, the head of state and the nominal head of the executive. Find out how the President's Secretariat provides secretarial …

Tags:President of IndiaPresident of the United States
Global web icon
Britannica
https://www.britannica.com › topic › pre…
Explore this image
President of India | Description, Powers, Duties, …
Sep 5, 2024 · Learn about the president of India, the head of state of the Republic of India, who is indirectly elected by an electoral college. Find out the president's qualifications, term, residence, and executive, legislative, financial, judicial, …

Tags:President of IndiaEncyclopaedia BritannicaConcurrent List
Global web icon
ClearIAS
https://www.clearias.com › president-o…
Explore this image
The President of India (Articles 52-62) - Clear IAS
Aug 17, 2023 · Learn about the role, qualification, and election of the President of India, the head of state and the commander-in-chief of the armed forces. Find out the details of the executive power, the term of office, the impeachment, and the …

Related searches for president of india
president of india official website
list of all presidents india
president of india list 2023
list of president india from 1947 to 2023
list of presidents in india
current president of india 2024
president of india portal
president of india currently
Some results have been removed
1
2
3
4

